you
hey guys this is Strider this is Florida
for my seat HP whoo yeah are playing
some domination on wasteland with 50 cal
oh yeah I mean domination that's that's
it out of our region man we usually
don't play down low do we know
definitely now if this is one of my
favorite spots are here I got a nice
little collateral there you see who
knows about if you've never gotten a
collateral that's the best place to do
it cuz I've got a couple there and
especially on domination because they
come filing down the trench or whatever
right right just pick them right off so
uh yeah i'm playing with florida and i
think aimless and joe and maybe lar as
far as might have been in here too nice
shout out to some of the people in our
community commentaries plus some random
s people's too yeah i guess i right
there i had it reset my recording
because i was yeah if in a row so you're
once again able to record what what was
the matter well it's still kind of
jittery okay so what happened was it yet
basically what happened was is when I
started this one I had a recording like
a full screen resolution so it was like
30 frames a second when I got those
first three kills and then I stopped it
when I got in the grass and put it back
on 60 frames at half half half size
whatever so record smoother for me which
means nothing to anybody watches that
plays in the xbox or ps3 but exactly
yeah that's uh it's a pc thing only yep
we are playing on the pc by the way Oh
er yeah you didn't know that I thought
you were I'm not playing on pc right
here no oh as on windows doors yeah yeah
controller FTW yep sweet so yeah I'm
picking some people off and you guys are
running around trying to cap points why
protect see so you're playing on Kate
idiom fuckstick well no I'm not what are
you talking about dude i'm watching over
see I'm not like running around like oh
yeah you're really watching to be near
you're really watching see why I'm
likely watching it starts to bleep I
will turn around let the guy kill me
well then here I get shot in like fuck
fuck where that come from
light off the edge there while we were
out so yeah it uh at some point it I can
or if its speed it speeds up at some
point because I basically just watch
this area for a while now camp this area
it's not camping dude if it's not
camping God is strategically sailors
coming to shore oh I don't even know I'm
not gonna get mad at you for you nada I
mean your phone again because I've yell
at you enough and I think you should
learn your lesson by now it's a haircut
yeah here we go into hyper mode and kind
of watching over a and make sure nobody
runs to see whatever did your camping
their spawn what are you talking about
even kill anybody I was and I went back
there thanks scores couple times however
you justify this as a you know to your
liking but it's camping it's not camping
viewers will say it's camping guys no
they won't dancing is when you're in a
fucking corner waiting for somebody to
run by not when you're strategically
watching an area especially like
domination team deathmatch I'd be like
yeah I mean even then it's sniping dude
get off me you're such a bitch that's
right shut up did uh whatever I don't
know what this guy was doing I'm just
like okay you're dead nice yeah let's
surprised you didn't spray and pray with
your bare 50 cal ah yeah once you use a
real sniper rifle like I don't know the
intervention I have been using it
actually lately but I know but not I
still kind of prefer the 50 Cal oh and I
put out a twit at twit twit a tweet on
my Twitter you're asking people would
shut up asking people what they thought
was better or what they like better the
barrett early intervention and i think
eight out of nine responses was Barrett
well that was probably because eight out
of nine of your followers are noobs who
don't know how to shoot a real safe oh
my god dude it's really really just
called all my followers noobs I'm gonna
tell them to unfollow you whatever dude
whatever yeah seriously if that's not
nice you're an asshole anyways here I
get my chopper gunner and I wisely and
it's it's chopper gunners ridiculous
because you can spawn rape and there's
really nowhere for them to go and even
if they get in like the one
buildings or in the tunnels usually your
teammates or if they're good enough
teammates will go in there and flush
them out besides helping you get to your
eventual score yeah exactly here's a
question the like I play this map while
back in a went on like a war my longest
kill streaks of 48 what I leave a
comment below and let us know what your
longest kill streak is I'm kind of
curious what's yours for a 23 because I
choked we've all been there dude I don't
know why you haven't liked guys have to
understand floor it just doesn't go for
new CD I don't that said it he just uses
you know something that's more 345 nukka
yeah Sora something a little more
realistic for him I suppose but which is
great I mean he definitely uses them all
the time but dude it's not i'd like to
see if you guys want to see for to get a
Nuke leave a comment below to with that
and if we get enough responses i will
make him try to get a Nuke i think you
can do it I really do I know I can do it
the problem is I got on that 23 kill
streak and I was so happy so ecstatic
that my fucking right hand on the mouse
was shaking and I I I was just running
around trying to kill them and that's
all I cared about I wasn't camping I
wasn't strategically holding down an
area good game by the way yes I I don't
care about the nuke fuck the nuke I just
wanted to goddamn he's gonna get a nuke
he'll get a nuke all right so there I
was 42 in one thanks watching bye bye
check us out on Twitter where you can be
kept up to date on everything from ICT
HP and its crew